src/content/docs/index.mdx, before:

---
title: GR-96 Manual
description: Get started building your docs site with Starlight.
template: splash
hero:
  tagline: Operation, maintenance, and troubleshootingd
  image:
    file: ../../assets/gr96.png
  actions:
    - text: Get Started
      link: /guides/example/
      icon: right-arrow
    - text: Visit Our YouTube Channel
      link: https://www.youtube.com/@zeroturfmachines
      icon: external
      variant: minimal
---

import { Card, CardGrid } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

## Contents

<CardGrid stagger>
	<Card title="Operations" icon="document">
		Edit `src/content/docs/index.mdx` to see this page change.
	</Card>
	<Card title="Maintenance" icon="setting">
		Add Markdown or MDX files to `src/content/docs` to create new pages.
	</Card>
	<Card title="Troubleshooting" icon="error">
		Edit your `sidebar` and other config in `astro.config.mjs`.
	</Card>
	<Card title="Videos" icon="seti:video">
		Visual learner? Watch how-to videos on our [YouTube Channel](https://www.youtube.com/@zeroturfmachines).
	</Card>
</CardGrid>

Commit message:

fill out general doc structure with emtpy md files

src/content/docs/index.mdx, after:

---
title: GR-96 Manual
description: Operation, maintenance, and troubleshooting
template: splash
hero:
  tagline: Operation, maintenance, and troubleshooting
  image:
    file: ../../assets/gr96.png
  actions:
    - text: Get Started
      link: /reference/about
      icon: right-arrow
    - text: Visit Our YouTube Channel
      link: https://www.youtube.com/@zeroturfmachines
      icon: external
      variant: minimal
---

import { Card, CardGrid } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

## Contents

<CardGrid stagger>
	<Card title="Operations" icon="document" >
		Find all the "How-To" documents [here](/operations/introduction/).
	</Card>
	<Card title="Maintenance" icon="setting">
		[Learn](/maintenance/introduction) how to keep your GR-96 running great.
	</Card>
	<Card title="Troubleshooting" icon="error">
		If you are having an issue, go [here](/troubleshooting/introduction) for help.
	</Card>
	<Card title="Videos" icon="seti:video">
		Visual learner? Watch how-to videos on our [YouTube Channel](https://www.youtube.com/@zeroturfmachines).
	</Card>
</CardGrid>
